All of the below steps are done with the pretence that you have already downloaded VS-Code and set that up,
and that you know how to compile firmware.

Step 1:
You will want to use Marlin-bugfix-v2.0.x
Get it here:
https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/tree/bugfix-2.0.x
Click on the Green <>Code button, then click on Download zip 
You do not need to download the configuration zip on github. The Configuration files are on this page and are all set to go.
Step 2:
Place the downloaded zip file in the directory where you plan to use it from.
Step 3:
Extract the zip file
Step 4:
Copy the Platformio.ini file to the folder above the Marlin folder. Click to replace existing one.
Step 5:
Copy Configuration Files into the Marlin folder and click to replace existing files

Start up VS-Code and compile. (I assume you already know what you are doing, so no further instructions are needed)



Platformio.ini file is the same in both the Configurations Folder and the Platforio.ini File Folder

Using a Creality v4.2.7 control board requires the purchase of either a 5 pin to 4 pin
cable adapter set.
Link: https://www.th3dstudio.com/product/ender-2-pro-stepper-motor-adapter-cable-4-pack/
(This option requires less work, just plug the adapter cables into each motor port and plug the motor cables into the adapters)
or
Using a new full set of 4 pin motor cables (Like the Ender 3 or the Ender 3 Pro use)
Link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07SYJQFKR
(This option requires more work, removing the old 5 pin motor cables, and replacing them with the new 4 pin motor cables)
Note: You can remove the limit switch cables from the new set, the old one do not require replacing
I went with the new cables. Less chance of an adapter breaking. - The 300lb Gorilla

Firmware Functions:
1. Power Loss Recovery (Off by Default)
2. Filament Runout Sensor (Off by Default)
3. Longer File Name Support and Scrolling.
4. Files sorted Alphabetically, top to bottom.
5. ABS Pre Heat has been removed due to the Ender 2 Pro not being able to print with ABS.
6. PLA preheat temps are as follows: Hot-End 205c  Heated Bed 65c
7. LCD Assisted Bed Leveling Features:
   LCD Assisted 4 Corner Bed Leveling (Using paper method, and raising or lowering corners with bed wheels) Always do this before MESH BED LEVEL.
   LCD Assisted Manual MESH Bed Leveling (Using the paper method, raise or lower nozzle using the LCD knob until paper starts to grab).
   Z Nozzle offset setting in bed leveling menu. Always remember to save your settings after releveling your bed using the Manual Mesh Level Option.

You may need to dial in your E-Steps, and here is a great online caculator to help with that:
https://www.th3dstudio.com/estep-calculator/

You can also look up on you tube on how to do this if youare not sure.